vidas contadas: 1 ok
vidas contadas: 3 NOK
vidas contadas: 3 OK
vidas contadas: 3 ok
vidas contadas: 1 ok
vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 1 ok

vidas contadas: 1 nok
vidas contadas: 1 nok
vidas contadas: 1 nok
vidas contadas: 1 nok
vidas contadas: 0 nok
vidas contadas: 1 nok
vidas contadas: 0 ok

vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 3 ok
vidas contadas: 4 ok
vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 3 ok
vidas contadas: 3 ok

vidas contadas: 1 ok
vidas contadas: 0 ok 
vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 0 ok
vidas contadas: 3 ok
vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 2 ok

vidas contadas: 1 ok
vidas contadas: 1 ok
vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 1 ok
vidas contadas: 3 ok
vidas contadas: 2 ok
vidas contadas: 3 ok


*.***..
.**...*
.......
.*.*.**
.....*.
